(phone ringing)
Downloaded from
YTS.MX
- [Voicemail] You have reached
the voice mailbox of...
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
(ominous music)
(phone ringing)
You have reached the voice mailbox of...
- (sighs) Okay.
It's just a dream. it's...
Jenny.
It's not real.
He can't hurt you.
I just need to sleep.
I need sleep.
It'll all be okay.
(Jenny sighs)
Jenny. Jenny.
Get it together.
(ominous music)
(eerie music)
(light dramatic music)
(dramatic music)
(electrical zapping)
(ominous music)
(alarm buzzing)
(light music)
- [Cameron] Morning.
babe. I made breakfast.
- Can't. I'm late.
- What?
- I overslept. I had my
meeting with Kirkland
this morning.
- Oh shit.
- Yeah. um. Have you seen a black folder?
- Check the counter.
- [Amanda] Thank you.
- Remember. I'm not gonna
be home for dinner tonight.
Dustin wants us to work late through
the evening on the Witlow case.
Here. here. here. here.
Okay. I'll see you later.
- Goodbye.
See you tonight.
- Yeah.
- Bye.
- Oh. take some eggs
for the road.
- I can't. I'm not that coordinated.
(ominous music)
Hello?
Yes. this is her sister.
(eerie music)
I'll be right over.
(light dramatic music)
- [Cameron] What's wrong?
- My sister killed herself.
(light music)
(somber music)
(ominous music)
(fan humming)
- [Cameron] Okay. I'll ask her.
Thank you. bye.
Hey.
- Uh. who was that?
- That was Jenny's landlord.
She wants to know if we
can come by later this week
and start packing up some of her stuff.
- Oh.
Yeah. how about tomorrow?
- Tomorrow works.
Um. I've got some paperwork I gotta finish
but I can do it afterward.
- Cool.
Thank you for being so
good with all of this.
- You know that I'm here for you. right?
- I know.
(lips smacking)
(light music)
(ominous music)
- Quirk.
(rain pattering)
(thunder rumbling)
(light music)
(rain pattering)
(light dramatic music)
(match sizzling)
(eerie music)
(suspenseful music)
(rain pattering)
(light music)
- [Cameron] I could stay home
tomorrow if you want me to.
- No. you gotta focus on work.
- Well. yeah. but I can take a day off.
Jesse might complain a little
bit. but we'll be fine.
He'll understand.
- I'm okay.
I'll be fine.
- Okay.
But I'm here for you for everything.
- I know.
I love you.
- I love you. too.
(ominous music)
(light dramatic music)
(suspenseful music)
(dramatic music)
(light dramatic music)
(birds chirping)
(muffled talking)
(keyboard clicking)
(phone ringing)
(muffled talking)
(light music)
(light dramatic music)
(suspenseful music)
(ominous music)
(light dramatic music)
(suspenseful music)
(dramatic music)
(ominous music)
(crickets chirping)
(branches snapping)
(match sizzling)
- Hey.
What are you doing up?
- Had another nightmare.
- Sorry.
Everything okay?
- Yeah. I'm fine.
How was your day?
(light music)
(crickets chirping)
(fire sizzling)
(dramatic music)
(phone ringing)
- Help me!
(woman gasps)
- Oh my God. calm down.
It's just a nightmare. just a nightmare.
(Cameron hushes)
Come here. come here.
Come here.
- I just-
- I know. and I'm sorry.
It's okay. it's just me.
come here.
- I just wanna sleep.
- I know. I know.
(heavy breathing)
(ominous music)
- It's like every time I close my eyes.
I just-
- I know. I'm sorry.
(heavy breathing)
I think you should go
and see a psychiatrist.
Yeah?
- Okay.
- Yeah. okay.
Awesome. I'll call the Dr.
Marsh on the way to work
and see what she can do. okay?
It's okay. just breathe.
It's a nightmare.
(ominous music)
- Hi. Doctor Morris?
- Please come in.
You must be Amanda.
Cameron has told me so much about you.
- [Amanda] All good things. I hope.
- Of course.
Oh. you know that I used to babysit him
when he was a toddler.
- Really?
- (laughs) Yes.
Well. I'm so glad to see that he's landed
such a lovely young woman.
So. Amanda. what brings you in here today?
- Well. I was hoping you could prescribe
me something to help me sleep.
- You must understand
it's not that simple.
I'm gonna need to understand
what's been going on
before I know how to proceed.
- Right.
Um. well. I haven't been
sleeping much lately.
I've been having these nightmares.
But they're not like normal nightmares.
That'd be fine. I could handle that.
but these feel. I don't
know. they feel real.
- Real?
- Yeah. I guess that's the
best way to describe it.
It feels like when I'm there in the dream
it feels like something
could actually hurt me.
- What is it you think could hurt you?
- I don't know exactly how to describe it.
but it feels like an evil presence.
- When did this start?
- A couple weeks ago.
- [Doctor] What was going on about then?
- Um I started having these nightmares
right after my sister killed herself.
(doctor sighs)
- You're going through
a really traumatic time
and what you're experiencing
is completely normal
and I do believe it'll get better.
That being said. I think I'll prescribe
something for you for the
anxiety that you're feeling.
Just take one of these before
you try to sleep at night.
it should help you get the rest you need.
(doctor sighs)
And for the time being I'd like to see you
about twice a week if that's possible.
- Oh. I don't think
that's necessary. I think-
- It may not be.
but in my experience it's
better to talk these things out
than to let them fester.
(tea kettle whistling)
(knocking)
- Amanda Williams?
- Yes.
- Sign here.
- I'm sorry. what is this?
- This luggage was lost in
a transit a few weeks ago.
This house was listed
as a forwarding address.
- Okay.
- You have a good night. ma'am.
- Thanks. you too.
(door clattering)
(luggage rattling)
(zipper buzzing)
(Amanda laughs)
(paper rustling)
- [Cameron] Hey!
- Hey. you're home early.
- Yeah. we made some
really good progress today
so I got to leave a little early.
What's that?
- Apparently some of Jenny's
stuff got forwarded here
so I was just going through it.
- Huh.
That's cool.
- Yeah. apparently she had
problems sleeping. too.
- Uh. that's a little weird.
- I mean. not really.
I mean. we were always pretty similar
when it comes to this stuff.
especially when we were kids.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
- Okay.
Uh. so how was going and
talking to Doc Morris today?
- Oh. it was awesome.
You were right. she's great.
- Yeah. she's a super sweet lady.
(light music)
(suspenseful music)
(light dramatic music)
(tapping)
(dark dramatic music)
(dramatic music)
(Cameron gargling)
(Cameron coughing)
(Amanda gasps)
- Breathe. breathe. breathe.
Okay. It's okay. it's
okay. it's okay. it's okay.
I know. you're just having
another nightmare. okay?
I couldn't wake you up.
It's okay.
(heavy breathing)
It's okay. it's okay.
- Sorry.
It wasn't me this time.
it was you. I killed you.
- It's okay. it's okay.
It was just a dream. it
was just a nightmare.
It's okay.
- I'm not taking those
fucking drugs again.
- Okay. that's fine.
That's fine. that's fine. okay?
You know what? Come on.
let's get outta here.
Let's get outta here and go.
(light dramatic music)
(heavy breathing)
Okay. what do you...
what do you need or want?
You want some tea?
You want tea? Yeah.
We have tea. we have camomile around here.
We got tea for you.
What happened?
I thought that those pills were
supposed to help you relax.
- I thought so too. but it
was like I couldn't move.
I was paralyzed.
- Oh my God.
that's so fucked up.
Okay. we need you to go back to Dr. Morris
and I need to tell her
exactly what happened.
- I don't know about that.
- No. I really think
that you should because if
those pills aren't working
there has to be something stronger
that can help you sleep or...
Hey. regardless. I will stay up with you
as long as you need tonight. okay?
- No. you have to prepare for your test.
- It's not like I can
go to sleep right now
even if I wanted to.
Come here.
You are the most important thing to me
in the whole entire world. okay?
Okay?
- Okay.
- I will do anything that you need me to.
- Okay?
- Thank you.
- I love you.
- I love you. too.
- [Cameron] You're gonna be okay.
(ominous music)
(bed creaking)
(light rhythmic music)
(keyboard clicking)
(birds chirping)
Morning.
- Morning.
- Did you get any sleep last night?
(Amanda hums)
Amanda.
- I'm a little tired.
- I know. that's not healthy.
You gonna go back to Dr.
Morris today and get some meds?
- Uh. yeah. I can go back.
- Great.
I. um...
I gotta go get ready for work.
- I was gonna make
breakfast. did you want some?
- No.
- I was gonna make some.
- I wish I could. but I kind of overslept.
There's a lot to do today
before I fly out tonight. so...
- Okay.
(light dramatic music)
Good luck tomorrow.
- Thank you.
If you need anything today
just give me a call. okay?
- Okay. I will.
I love you.
- I love you. too.
(ominous music)
(suspenseful music)
(dramatic music)
(paper rustling)
- [Amanda] Hi. Arnold Dubeaux?
- Sorry. I'm not taking any
new clients at this time.
- [Amanda] But I've been
having these nightmares.
- Of course. we all have trouble
sleeping from time to time.
unfortunately I'm very
busy and I don't have
enough time to analyze
every stressed out insomniac
who comes to my door.
- But I've been having these nightmares
and last night I had one that was so bad
I was paralyzed. I couldn't even move.
- Yes. well you see. if
you'd look outside my door
you'll see a signup sheet for
a sleep study at a hospital.
Very good for you.
- But that's not...
I don't have that kind
of sleeping problem.
I've been seeing this thing
whenever I try to sleep.
- You've been seeing this exact thing?
Come inside my office at once.
Tell me all the information you can.
Start from the beginning.
- And then last night
I had another nightmare
and the figure was there but it was like
I was paralyzed. it was
like I couldn't sleep.
- Did you take a sleeping aid?
- How did you know?
- I cannot express to you the importance
of not taking a sleeping aid of any kind.
- I don't know. I think it
was just the kind that I took.
I was gonna go back this
afternoon so I could get
a stronger prescription and-
- No.
You introduce a substance into your system
to deepen your sleep. it
will weaken your mind's
natural ability to fight off the threat.
And there's no telling how
severely it will infiltrate.
- Uh. I'm sorry what is happening?
- These dreams. they feel real. right?
- Yes.
- Have you done any traveling
outside of the country?
- [Amanda] No.
- Really?
Not at all?
- I mean. my sister did.
- Is there anything that
you've come in contact
with recently that was
from a foreign country?
- My sister passed away
recently and she traveled a lot
and collected things and
now all of her things
are in my home.
- I thought as much.
Um. was your sister
killed by her own hand?
(light dramatic music)
I believe that she may have
experienced the same phenomenon.
It is possible that your
sister may have taken a litch.
- A what?
- A litch.
An evil spirit that becomes
encapsulated in an object.
These spirits feed off
negativity of any sort.
be that fear. anxiety. guilt.
grief. depression. remorse.
You name it.
The stronger the negative energy.
the more easily accessible the person
becomes to that spirit.
If you're experiencing sleep paralysis
it means the spirit already
has a strong hold over you.
Although it's not too late.
- Too late before what?
- Before the spirit kills the host.
If you can figure out which
object holds the litch.
that is the only way to
break yourself from its hold.
Presuming that it's not too late.
Do you believe that you have anything
like that in your home?
- Yes.
Okay. what do I need to do?
Okay. I need to burn it for how long?
Okay. I'll burn it until
it's done and then...
Okay. I'll call you when it's done.
Bye.
(fire rustling)
(ghostly whispering)
- Hey. hey.
What are you doing? Hey. hey. hey.
What are you doing?
Are you trying to light yourself on fire?
Come on. hey. come on. come on.
We're going to Dr. Morris.
Come on. come on.
(light dramatic music)
- Amanda. I have to know
what is so disturbing
about these dreams?
Is there anything
consistent in the dreams?
- Yeah.
The evil thing.
And my sister.
- Your sister is in the dreams?
What is she doing?
- It's not what she's doing necessarily.
it's more so that she
blames me for her death.
- Really?
Why is that do you think?
- I don't know.
She called me.
The night Jenny killed herself.
she called me and I didn't pick up.
- So one night out of the
blue your sister called you
and you didn't answer
because you were comfy in bed
and the next morning you found out
that she'd killed herself.
- But there's nothing I can
do about that. I should've...
I should've just answered
the fucking phone.
I could've talked her down.
I could've been able to...
- It's not your fault.
You have to know that.
it's not your fault.
And feeling guilty is
not gonna bring her back.
I'm glad you told me about this.
We can work on this.
and together we can help
you work through it.
But you can't let your fear of sleeping
stand in the way of your
health and wellbeing.
You need to get a good
night's sleep tonight.
that's the first step.
We'll work through the rest of it in time.
Okay?
I'd like to prescribe
you something different.
This should eliminate
dreaming of any sort.
It's designed to put you
into a deep peaceful sleep
and allow your brain to
reset the way it needs to.
Otherwise you risk hospitalization.
- No. Gubeaux said-
- Did you say Gubeaux?
As in Arnold Gubeaux?
Amanda. Arnold Gubeaux is not a scientist.
His studies are not rooted
in any sort of fact.
He has no data to speak
of. he's widely disregarded
by the scientific community.
Your mind is in an
incredibly fragile state.
It's very dangerous.
You'll begin to microsleep and
see things that aren't there
to the point that you won't be
able to trust your own mind.
And if you continue down this path
without sleeping for
too long. you will die.
As long as she takes the medication
within the next few hours
she should be able to sleep
through the night and she'll wake up
in the morning and she'll be fine.
It's only if she neglects to do this
that we have any real danger.
- Oh. do you mind if I
take this? It's Justin.
- It's fine. I'm gonna
go inside and change
and get ready for bed.
- Hey. man.
Yeah. thanks for calling me back.
Listen. I'm gonna need to postpone.
No. I'm just needed at home right now.
Yeah. we're all good.
Okay.
(phone ringing)
- Dude. stop calling me.
- Amanda. I'm trying to get ahold of you.
After you burned the litch-
- Dude. seriously. you need to stop. okay?
Stop with the litch bullshit.
You're crazy. you need to leave me alone.
- No. no. no.
Hold on. if the spirit is interfering-
- Okay. seriously. you need to stop.
If you don't. I'm gonna call
the cops. I'm not joking.
(light dramatic music)
- Wait. what. what happened?
What?
- I... I don't know. I burned
it earlier and now it...
- You are in danger. so
just stay right there.
I will be right over and whatever
you do. don't sleep. okay?
- Hey.
You okay?
- I just...
I'm just ready to sleep.
- Okay. all right.
I'll prepare your sleeping pills.
You gotta take one.
(light dramatic music)
Is there anything else I can get you?
- No. I'm good.
Um. how was Justin? What'd he need?
- Nothing really.
I told him I'm gonna
postpone taking the Bar.
- What?
No. you can't do that.
- Yes. I can.
And I will.
Okay. there will be plenty
of other opportunities
for me to take the Bar.
- Yeah. but we're banking
on your firm bringing
you on next month as an associate.
You can't just-
- Yes. I can.
Okay? It's gonna be fine.
I'll just stay on as a
paralegal for another year
and I'll just reapply for
associate next year as well.
I'll apply to other firms.
I'll figure it out. okay?
I promise I'll be fine.
- No. okay.
Listen.
I love you and it means the world to me
that you would stay here
with me but we can't...
I can't let you miss out on this. okay?
You have to go.
- No. I don't.
I can stay.
- No. you need to go. okay?
I'm just gonna be staying here.
I'm just gonna be sleeping. okay?
There's nothing here for you to do.
- Okay.
If you're absolutely sure.
- Yes.
I'm sure.
But wait. what time is your flight?
Aren't you supposed to
be out of here by now?
- I was supposed to be
out of here 15 minutes ago
but I think I can make it if I hurry.
Hey.
Call me if you need anything. Anything.
I love you.
- I love you. too.
- I love you.
Good luck!
- Thank you.
(Amanda puking)
(light dramatic music)
(toilet flushing)
(ominous music)
(suspenseful music)
(light dramatic music)
(ominous music)
(dramatic music)
(dark dramatic music)
(light dramatic music)
(dramatic music)
(dark dramatic music)
(ominous music)
(light dramatic music)
(dramatic music)
(drawer rattling)
(drawer thuds)
(suspenseful music)
(thudding)
(dramatic music)
(suspenseful music)
(phone ringing)
- Jenny.
- Hi.
(ominous music)
- What's going on? I...
- How'd you let this happen?
- What?
- I needed you.
- I didn't...
I didn't know that. I didn't think-
- You were being selfish.
All you had to do was answer the phone.
- If you just listen to me-
- You weren't there for me.
- You're right and I'm sorry.
I should've been there.
I wish... I wish I could go
back in time and fix things.
but I can't. and that's
something I'm gonna have
to deal with for the rest of my life.
But you can't keep using
my sister like this.
And I need you to leave me alone.
(Amanda gasps)
(light dramatic music)
(light music)
(dramatic music)